Refine documentation about externally maintained and unmaintained linux packages. (#12507)
ethereum/solidity: docs/installing-solidity.rst

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install solc

> Arch Linux also has packages, albeit limited to the latest development version:

Author: Actually, I also think we should make it clear that we don't maintain the Archlinux and Gentoo ones ourselves...

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install solc

Furthermore, some Linux distributions provide their own packages. These packages are not directly
maintained by us, but usually kept up-to-date by the respective package maintainers.

Arch Linux has packages for the latest development version:

.. code-block:: bash

    pacman -S solidity

> Gentoo Linux has an `Ethereum overlay <https://overlays.gentoo.org/#ethereum>`_ that contains a Solidity package.

Author: https://github.com/coolparadox/ethereum-gentoo-overlay/tree/master/dev-lang/solidity actually doesn't look particularly up-to-date :-)... I'll just keep it in here for now, but we should probably do something about it as well (i.e. either poke the maintainers or mention that it's falling out of date here or remove it)...

Reviewer: Maybe it would be best to say that it's unmaintained just like the snap? I'd either do that or just drop it.

Author: Hm, yeah... I think I'll drop it and create an issue in the repo there, letting them know that we'll add it back, if they update it - does that sound reasonable :-)?

Author: https://github.com/coolparadox/ethereum-gentoo-overlay/issues/1

Reviewer: Sounds good.

> After the overlay is setup, ``solc`` can be installed in x86_64 architectures by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the overlay is setup, ``solc`` can be installed on x86_64 architectures by:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    emerge dev-lang/solidity

> There is also a `snap package <https://snapcraft.io/>`_, however, it is **currently unmaintaned**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a `snap package <https://snapcraft.io/solc>`_, however, it is **currently unmaintained**.
```

Author: doh
